These are files for my LinuxCNC plasma build videos.

You'll find a video playlist for that full series `here`_.

.. _here: https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL9xPdBFt5g3Q6TkuhhfQmQNm6TdvNkPuX

The first thing I'm putting in here is a tutorial on how to write and edit HAL
(hardware abstraction layer) configuration files. We're going to start with a
very basic configuration, generated by the Stepconf Wizard (covered earlier in
the playlist), then successively tweak it and build it out until we reach
something equivalent to what I run on my plasma cutter right now.

Each video will have permalinks to the exact commit with the configuration
files for that iteration. I'm also going to put tags in the git repo here, so
you can browse those more easily on GitHub, or browse them on a local git
checkout using ``git log --patch --tag`` or ``gitk`` for a handy GUI (though
you may have to install that separately).

Normally, the stuff in here is located in ~/linuxcnc. I'd advise against
blindly copying and pasting things out of these files into your own - that's
likely to fuck up something with your machine and could very well lead to you
crashing your CNC or burning your shop down. The correct Linux configurations
for your machine will depend very heavily on it's physical configuration. But
hopefully, with the video series and these files, you'll be able to apply the
same principals to your CNC and build whatever you need.

I would strongly, strongly advise that you keep a basic git repository for your
configuration files. It doesn't have to be clean or anything - it just has to
store all the old versions of your files so you can revert back to and old one
if necessary. We'll cover the basics of this during the series, and I'll add
more notes on that in the ``misc/`` subdirectory.

If you do want to get fancy with how you organize and version your files, I'll
just let you know there's a program called GNU Stow which helps, and you can
read up on that on your own.

Lastly! If you are reading this README at an earlier point in the series, do
realize that I might have made changes to it by the latest version, and you can
check to see what changes happened between two points with a ``git diff
this-tag that-tag`` to see specifically whatever changes I might have made to
this specific file.
